Add selinux resource support for modules and booleans (#5463)
chef/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/resources/selinux.md

    parent = "inspec/resources/os"
+++

> Use the `selinux` Chef Inspec audit resource to test the configuration data of the SELinux policy, SELinux modules and SELinux booleans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `selinux` Chef InSpec audit resource to test the configuration data of the SELinux policy, SELinux modules, and SELinux booleans.
```

> The `selinux` resource extracts and exposes data reported by the `sestatus`, `semodule -lfull`and `semanage boolean -l -n` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `selinux` resource extracts and exposes data reported by the `sestatus`, `semodule -lfull`, and `semanage boolean -l -n` command.
```

      it { should_not be_permissive }
    end

> The `selinux` resource block also declares allows you to write test for many modules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `selinux` resource block allows you to write tests for multiple modules:
```

    describe selinux.modules.where("zebra") do
      it { should exist }
      it { should be_installed }
      it { should be_enabled }
    end

> or:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or:

```

    describe selinux.modules.where(status: "installed") do
      it { should exist }
      its('count') { should cmp 404 }
    end

> where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where:
```

> - `.where()` may specify a specific item and value, to which the resource parameters are compared
> - `name`, `status`, `state`, `priority` are valid parameters for `modules`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.where()` specifies the parameter and expected value.
- `name`, `status`, `state`, and `priority` are valid parameters.
```

> The `selinux` resource block also declares allows you to write test for many booleans:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `selinux` resource block allows you to write tests for multiple booleans:
```

    describe selinux.booleans.where(name: "httpd_enable_homedirs") do
        it { should_not be_on }
    end

or:

  describe selinux.booleans.where(name: "xend_run_blktap", state: "on") do
    it { should exist }
    its('defaults') { should cmp "on" }
  end

> - `.where()` may specify a specific item and value, to which the resource parameters are compared
> - `name`, `state`, `default` are valid parameters for `booleans`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.where()`  specifies the parameter and expected value.
- `name`, `state`, and `default` are valid parameters for `booleans`.
```

  it { should be_enforcing }
end

> ### Test if selinux policy type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Test the SELinux policy type

```

describe selinux do
  its('policy') { should eq "targeted"}
end

## Matchers

For a full list of available matchers, please visit our [matchers page](/inspec/matchers/).

### be_installed

> The `be_installed` matcher tests if the SElinux policy or SElinux modules is installed on the system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `be_installed` matcher tests if the SElinux policy or SElinux modules are installed on the system:
```

The `be_permissive` matcher tests if the SELinux mode is set to permissive:

    it { should be_permissive }

### be_on

The `be_on` matcher tests if the SELinux boolean is on:

    it { should be_on }

### be_enabled

The `be_enabled` matcher tests if the SElinux module is enabled:

    it { should be_enabled }

## Resource Parameters

> - `names`, `status`, `states`, `priorities`,  are valid parameters for SELinux `modules`
> 
> - `names`, `status`, `states`, `defaults`,  are valid parameters for SELinux `booleans`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `names`, `status`, `states`, and `priorities` are valid parameters for SELinux policy modules.

- `names`, `status`, `states`, and `defaults` are valid parameters for SELinux booleans.
```

## Resource Parameter Examples

### modules

> `modules` returns the information about SELinux modules as returned by [semodule -lfull](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man8/semodule.8.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`modules` returns information about SELinux modules using the [semodule -lfull](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man8/semodule.8.html) command.
```

> Note: The `semodule -l` command does not provide `version` information in newer versions of Linux based systems like RHEL8 and Centos8 so we are not supporting that option [REF](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/2760071).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The `semodule -l` command [does not provide version information](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/2760071) for newer versions of Linux-based systems like RHEL8 and Centos8, so we do not support that option.
```

> describe selinux.modules do
>   its("names") { should include "zebra" }
>   its("status") { should include "installed" }
>   its("states") { should include "enabled" }
>   its("priorities") { should include "100" }
> end

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```ruby
describe selinux.modules do
  its("names") { should include "zebra" }
  its("status") { should include "installed" }
  its("states") { should include "enabled" }
  its("priorities") { should include "100" }
end
```
````

### booleans

> `booleans` returns the information about SELinux booleans as returned by [semanage boolean -l -n](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man8/semanage-boolean.8.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`booleans` returns information about SELinux booleans using the [semanage boolean -l -n](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man8/semanage-boolean.8.html) command.
```

> describe selinux.booleans do
>   its("names") { should include "httpd_enable_homedirs" }
>   its("states") { should include "on" }
>   its("states") { should include "off" }
>   its("defaults") { should include "on" }
>   its("defaults") { should include "off" }
> end

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```ruby
describe selinux.booleans do
  its("names") { should include "httpd_enable_homedirs" }
  its("states") { should include "on" }
  its("states") { should include "off" }
  its("defaults") { should include "on" }
  its("defaults") { should include "off" }
end
```
````
